I was born in the truth, and when I was about 14, I became a publisher, and when I was
still 14, I was no longer a publisher.
I became a thief and a drug dealer when I was a teenager around 15, 16 years old.
When I was older, I was arrested.
I did a lot of bad things inside prison.
I basically fought with everyone in there.
Anything that would make a smile or any reasons we had to be happy in prison were short-lived.
Your joy is gone because reality hit that you're in prison.
When I saw that I was the reason that my situation kept getting worse and worse, I knew I had
to change.
I asked Jehovah for help, and then I remembered the account of Manasseh, who sacrificed
his own children, and he was forgiven by Jehovah.
That account really helped me to understand that there was hope for me, and that I could
be forgiven.
And then one day, during inmate visitation, I saw a brother inside there, and I asked him
if he was a Jehovah's Witness, and he said that he was.
That's when I started my Bible study inside prison.
After studying for six months, I was transferred to an open prison where I could work during
the day and return to prison at night.
Then that's when my situation hit rock bottom again.
My situation was so bad that I came to the conclusion that it would be better to escape
from there because if I didn't, I would die due to so much drug abuse.
And that's what I did at the first opportunity I had I escaped.
After I escaped, I was determined again to change, to ask Jehovah for help, and to go
back to the meetings.
I would smoke, cry, and talk to Jehovah all at the same time, help me get out of this
situation because I know your name, and a person who knows your name can't use drugs.
Sometime later, I found out about a group of brothers and sisters who met at a kingdom
hall near my house.
That's when I started attending the meetings again, and I stopped using drugs with Jehovah's
help.
And after some time passed, I expressed my desire to be a publisher.
To this point, I hadn't told anything to my Bible teacher about my current situation with
the law.
So on the day we consider the questions, ask the questions, right?
And when we are at the end of the consideration, he looked at me and asked me just like this,
you don't have anything to tell me, do you?
Then he said, do you know why I'm asking you this?
Turn to the book of Acts, chapter five, and let's see what it says there.
So I read the account about Ananias and Sapphira, who sold some property, but kept part of
the money, and because of their actions, they died.
It wasn't that they had lied to men, but they had lied to Jehovah.
It was at that moment that I realized that I needed to tell him about my situation.
I had to turn myself in, and I went back to the prison that I ran away from.
So I told my Bible teacher that's what I was going to do.
When I arrived at the front door of the penitentiary and the police officer saw me, he asked
if I was a lawyer, I was well dressed, had a tie on, I told him no, no officer.
I'm a fugitive, and I came back here to serve my time.
I felt as if Jehovah had taken a huge weight off my shoulders.
I felt that he was now truly helping me.
After being a publisher for a few months back in prison, I expressed my desire to make
a dedication to Jehovah.
I received the privilege on the day of my baptism to leave the penitentiary and go to the
baptism location.
I was baptized, and at the end of the day, I went back to prison.
After some time had passed, I received my freedom.
Making the decision to turn myself in and go back to prison was the best way that I found
to show my love for Jehovah.
It's for this reason that I have come to the conclusion that being in prison brought
me freedom.